=head1 NAME

pdlscantree - script to generate online documentation for perldl

=head1 SYNOPSIS

	pdlscantree [pdlinstpath instpath2 ...]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The B<pdlscantree> script builds a database of online
documentation for perldl.  B<pdlscantree> looks for pod
documentation in the directory where the pdl package is
installed as well as the directory where locally built pdl
modules are installed. (The entire directory trees are searched.)
In addition, a pod document indexing all of the pdl documentation
is built and written to the toplevel B<PDL> directory.

If no command line arguments are given, B<pdlscantree> searches
the directories in which perl thinks the pdl package and the
locally built pdl modules should have been installed. These
are take from the B<Config> module keys B<installvendorarch> and
B<installsitearch>.  If command line arguments are given, they
are interpreted as directories to search and no other directories
are searched. For instance on a typical C<POSIX> platform, giving
no arguments is equivalent to saying

    pdlscantree /usr/lib/perl5 /usr/local/lib/perl/5.8

Note that B<pdlscantree> does not B<add> to the documentation database,
but rather rebuilds it to include only the directories specified (or
the two default directories.)

If you supply command line arguments, the first directory must be where
the pdl pacakge is installed and not the local directory. This is because
the pod index is installed to this directory as C<./PDL/Index.pod>.

Running <pdlscantree> will not regenerate html pages from pod documents.

B<pdlscantree> must be run with root privileges in order for the database
to be written.



=head1 BUGS

Maybe C<;)>.
Feedback and bug reports are welcome.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2001, Karl Glazebrook. All Rights Reserved.
This module is free software. It may be used, redistributed
and/or modified under the same terms as PDL itself
(see http://pdl.perl.org).

